The system has been restored
Please continue to pay attention to the later task issuance.
Really replied
But Sister Fairy, I only have 6 days left
I'm going to die in 6 days, why am I here?
Immortals cannot interfere in human affairs
But
People's pirated copies are more powerful than yours.
Zhao Zixuan's pirated system is so fierce
What am I fighting him with?
Ah don't be discouraged
I'm not going back to the fairy world for now
Until your current system is not destroyed by the demon world
And I can help you find your father
Isn't this the guy who hit me today?
How did he die?
The system of the devil world
It was detected that he did not complete the task.
A different owner killed him
The celestial system is no better
Every move is a mission failure and requires action
Dad?
Dad, what's the matter with you?
Dad don't worry
Although immortals cannot interfere in your affairs
But it can save lives
Son hurry up
Xu Tao, why aren't you dead yet?
Shouldn't have saved him
Go and take back everything that belongs to me